#summary These are some of the tips you can work with using text animators.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =
In this guideline, you will learn a shear number of syllable and line effects you can do with this script.  It's based on how you configure your animators.

= Space Control =
There are three ways to enable this.
  # Add a slider control to your template karaoke, called "Spacing".
  # Add a slider control to your KRK text layer, called "Spacing[[Layername]" where Layername is your layer name of your template.
  # Sets a number next in the option in .l: .l(layername, {spacing:-10})

Basically, with this feature enabled, the script will add spaces after every syllable.  You can then adjust the spacing using your defined slider control.  The point of this is to enable Per-syllable effect, i.e. the entire syllable is affected rather than just the character or word itself.

= Per-Character Effect =
This allows the per-character effects when singing on the syllable, so that the effects will start from the first character and end at the last character.  To use this feature, make sure you do the following:
  * Range Selector -> Advanced -> Mode = Characters: This allows effects to be performed on the character-basis
  * Range Selector -> Advanced -> Mode = Characters Excluding Space: This allows effects to be performed on the character-basis without spaces.  This works.
  * This feature also works if Space Control is used.

= Per-Syllable Effect =
This allows the per-sylalble effect when singing on the syllable, so that the effects will shine exactly on the syllable.  It's good if you're planning to scale on syllable.  To use this feature, make sure you do the following:

  * Use Space Control (see previous section)
  * Make sure you adjust the space control so that your syllables are as close as possible.  You can get an exact number by copying and pasting that line into your template layer and compare the lengths. :) 
  * Set: Text->More Options->Anchor Point Grouping to Word -- This enables properly scaling of the syllables.
  * Set: Range Selector->Advanced->Based On to "Word": Now the effect is applied to the overall syllable.

= Text Animators Line Lead-in and Lead-out transition Effects =

To use this feature, create two layers.  One is called "In" and the other is called "Out".  Basically, you can create nice transition effects using text animators.
  * In: Range Selector->Advanced->Shape = Ramp Up; keyframes for selectors: Start = 0% to 100% at start, End = 100% at all times.
  * Out: Range Selector->Advanced->Shape = Ramp Down; keyframes for selectors: Start = 0% at all times, End = 0% to 100% at the end.
  * .a( ['In' , 'Out'] )

= One Layered Syllable Effects =
The settings are as follows:

  * start = 0 to 100% at the end (]) marker
  * end = 0 to 100% at the start ([) marker.
  * Range Selector->Advanced->Mode = Add

= On/Off Layered Syllable Effects =
Do the following:
  * Create an animator called "on" with transform.opacity.
     * Set the opacity to 0%
     * Check off EYE (Hide it)
  * Create an animator called "off" with opacity.
     * Set the opacity to 100%
     * Check off EYE (Hide it)
  * Create an animator called "kon" with opacity.
     * Set the opacity to 100%
     * start = 0 to 100% at the end (]) marker
     * end = 0 to 100% at the start ([) marker.
     * Range Selector->Advanced->Mode = Add
     * Check off EYE (Hide it)
  * Create an animator called "koff" with opacity.
     * Set the opacity to 0%
     * start = 0 to 100% at the end (]) marker
     * end = 0 to 100% at the start ([) marker.
     * Range Selector->Advanced->Mode = Add
     * Check off EYE (Hide it)
  * Use the following codes: (say, Karaoke your template layer name)
{{{
add( "Karaoke" )
.a( ["on" , "kon" ] , true )

add( "Karaoke" )
.a( ["off" , "koff" ] , true )
}}}